then here in mato grosso wetland
in a jungle of plaque
We're treating her in Italy.
the non-alcoholic beer and the pinga that pays
gets caught in the rainforest
I will not wait to see if he gets there
middle of the map knows that there is Ana Jaguara
huh
yoki to that selection on top of the kill
it is not the height or pa
arrived in the sierra know how well
love today south on two south stages
already arrived in Itaipava
the query was in a business is our
paid in the dribble
our business is paid on pine opa
third plate
the plate and arrived the plate arrived in the pinga
Here is the hunter, people are waiting.
just waiting to shoot bitch
mounted on its overall 16 gauge
he cock he prepares the low shot
his flashlight burnley even he does not know
the excess in gourd so I hope was the
shot
You went the knife is to score